docs: add steps to upgrade rancher, harvester ui and harvester (#785)
harvester/docs: docs/rancher/virtualization-management.md

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Upgrades

> When using Harvester with Rancher Integration mode, follow the steps below to perform an upgrade.
> 
> Since Rancher has started using the [Harvester UI Extension](./harvester-ui-extension.md) from version v2.10.1, three components must be upgraded in the following order:
> 
> 1. [Rancher Manager](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/upgrades)  
> 2. [Harvester UI Extension](./harvester-ui-extension.md#upgrades). If you're in an air-gapped environment, see [Harvester UI extension with Rancher Integration](../airgap.md#harvester-ui-extension-with-rancher-integration)
> 3. [Harvester Cluster](../upgrade/automatic.md)
> 
> Before upgrading, check the [support matrix](./harvester-ui-extension.md#support-matrix), which shows the supported versions between Rancher Manager, the Harvester UI Extension, and Harvester Cluster.
> 
> Please note that if you only upgrade the Harvester cluster, some new features may be unavailable when using an older version of the Harvester UI extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade an imported Harvester cluster, you must upgrade Rancher, the Harvester UI Extension, and Harvester in a specific order. The [Harvester UI Extension](./harvester-ui-extension.md) is required to access the Harvester UI in Rancher v2.10.x and later versions.

1. Check the [support matrix](./harvester-ui-extension.md#support-matrix) to determine the Rancher and Harvester UI Extension versions that match the Harvester cluster.

1. Upgrade [Rancher](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/upgrades).

1. Upgrade the [Harvester UI Extension](./harvester-ui-extension.md#upgrades).

  For information about upgrading the extension in an air-gapped environment, see [Harvester UI extension with Rancher Integration](../airgap.md#harvester-ui-extension-with-rancher-integration).

1. Upgrade [Harvester](../upgrade/automatic.md).

  :::caution

  Features in Harvester v1.5.0 and later versions are implemented in the Harvester UI Extension. If you do not upgrade Rancher and the Harvester UI Extension, these features may not be available.

  :::
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Upgrades

To upgrade an imported Harvester cluster, you must upgrade Rancher, the Harvester UI Extension, and Harvester in a specific order. The [Harvester UI Extension](./harvester-ui-extension.md) is required to access the Harvester UI in Rancher v2.10.x and later versions.

1. Check the [support matrix](./harvester-ui-extension.md#support-matrix) to determine the Rancher and Harvester UI Extension versions that match the Harvester cluster.

> 1. Upgrade [Rancher](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/getting-started/installation-and-upgrade/install-upgrade-on-a-kubernetes-cluster/upgrades).

Reviewer 2: If users choose to upgrade Rancher later, it is still allowed. However, users will not be able to utilize the latest UI extension with the upgrading Harvester version. New UI features are only available until users upgrade the UI extension.

We might need to clarify this a bit. cc @Yu-Jack @harvester/release

Author: Actually, we had written this part already. If you scroll down a litter bit, you'll see it.
